<div markdown="1" data-aos="fade-up">
## __1__ Introduction

### 1.1 Results Capture system

The Results Capture system aims to get the results of athletics competitions onto the internet as quickly as possible.   The benefits of this are:

* Athletes and spectators can see their results quickly
* Team scores can be calculated by the system
* Once published, results are available in a standard format and can be quickly pulled in by statisticians at a national and international level
* Officials have less work to do circulating and distributing results.
* Federations with the IT skills can send us results directly using the OpenTrack standard in JSON.

### 1.2 Where this came from?

European Athletics centrally collects results from several hundred competitions around Europe. Traditionally, meeting organisers send these in various formats (often PDF) to Tilastopaja, European Athletics’ statistics provider.   People have been calling for more standardisation for a long time.

We have proposed to offer a low-cost, public service for results collection and display.

### 1.3 Who can use it, and what does it cost?

The system has recently launched.  It needs ongoing development and support.  Our support contract with European Athletics covers 300 competitions per year, including most national championships around Europe, so there is usually no extra charge incurred.  We hope, in due course, to make this more widely available free of charge, possibly through sponsors or contracts with national federations. 

</div>
