<div markdown="1" data-aos="fade-up">
## __2__ How it works

### 2.1 Who's the organiser? - You Are!

Anyone can organise a Virtual Race on OpenTrack - 90% of it is just like setting 
up a normal competition.  You, as the organiser, can set the challenge 

- fixed distance run anywhere? 
- fixed course at a time of your own choosing ? 
- combined-events-style fitness challenges?

Our system will find athletes in the same club, and work out all the team scores and category prizes for you.

There are typically three stages to a competition:
 - open up the entries, and take the entry fees if there are any.  
 - during the racing window, people submit their own results, usually from Strava or Garmin (although Youtube may be used for evidence).  Meanwhile, live team scores are building up all the time!
 - you may then have a scrutiny window, when officials look at results, add penalties for short or downhill courses, and teams can review each others' results.

Throughout the whole thing, expect your club's social media channels to come alive like never before!

We guess most people will put on virtual replacements for the existing athletics calendar, but there are no real limits, as long as you are making sure people distance properly and observe local rules!

Why not <a href="https://forum.opentrack.run/">come on our forum</a> and discuss some Virtual Racing ideas?

Just one thing:  we'd prefer a lot of little races than single huge ones - it spreads out the support workload!



### 2.2 Fundraising for Covid-19, and how we handle money.

Athletes are used to paying entry fees, but taking a lot of money to let someone run on their own is frankly implausible (although some competition organisers are trying this!)

Our system can take paid entries in any country where the <a href="https://www.stripe.com/">Stripe</a> payment platform is available.  So, why not put on your usual open meeting, set an entry fee or an optional charitable donation, and raise the money for your local COVID-19 appeal fund?  (We'll also set up an account linked to the UK's biggest one to make it easy?)  
To receive money, you need a Stripe account.   

If you are raising money for charity, and we have a national contract, there will be no deductions at all, apart from the credit card fees (typically 1.4% + 20p per payment, the cheapest we know of)



### 2.3 Costs and terms

We have had to work hard in order to extend our platform this way and scale it up, so it's not zero cost to provide.  We are a small startup mostly staffed with volunteers, trying to help the sport at club level, and our regular business running competitions has of course stopped totally!  We need to earn enough to stay in business and invest in a better platform.  There are three models:

 1. *Federation Pays*:  In countries where we have a national unlimited-use contract, there is NO CHARGE to clubs, regions and national federation for putting on virtual competitions.  Currently this includes Estonia, Malta, Norway and Cyprus, but we're in negotiation with others so check back in a few days.

 2. *Organiser Pays*: Outside these countries, there is a charge relating to race size.  This is under discussion but our current plan looks something like the list below, for proper club athletics (fees will be a bit higher for anyone commercial).  There is no need for a Stripe account, we'll send you an electronic invoice.

       - first small trial in any area: free
       - Races capped at 200 runners: GBP 50
       - Races capped at 500 runners: GBP 100
       - Races capped at 1000 runners: GBP 200
       - etc



 3. *Athlete pays*:  we can deduct an amount from the entry fee.  For commercial race organisers, this starts at £1.00.  This is still a far lower-cost way to raise money for charity 

 ### 2.4 What next?

 <a href="https://forum.opentrack.run/">Come on our forum</a> and chat about things.  Or, <a href="mailto://info@opentrack.run">contact us</a> to discuss in private.  Or, click one of the links below!
