---
layout: post
title: Summer Programming Internships
author: Andy Robinson
---
OpenTrack is offering up to 3 summer internships as software developers this summer.  
If you’re graduating in computer science or a related field now, otherwise have the summer free, or are looking to 
transition into this field, this is a great chance to get experience of the full 
software development life cycle, and write real production code every day.

You need: 
 - A passion for, and a deep understanding of athletics
 - A solid knowledge of Python
 - To be comfortable with a Linux or Mac development environment 

You’ll either specialise in back end (Django/MySQL/Mongodb) or front end skills 
(Bootstrap 4, VueJS), and you need to have a solid knowledge of one of these areas.  
If you’ve built Django sites before or worked on non-trivial Django projects, or 
with other web frameworks, this is of great interest.

You will get 3 months solid experience working with an expert development team, 
helping us cope with demand from hundreds of clubs and several national governing 
bodies.   There is the possibility of a permanent position to anyone who impresses 
us enough over the summer.

Our sister tech company, ReportLab, maintains a major open source library and has been 
building enterprise systems for 20 years, so you’ll be guided by developers with decades 
of experience.   We’ve helped many people to a great start in a programming career over the years.

We will pay a nominal amount (£10-12.00 p.h. depending on skills) for up to 25 hours per week.  
You get to work from home, obviously!

Please send your application and resume to info@opentrack.run
