---
layout: post
title: AthTech 2021 open for registration
author: Andy Robinson
cover_image: https://files.opentrack.run/live/custom_images/zadar.jpg
---


After three previous incarnations, the [Athletics Technology Conference](http://athtech.run/2021) returns for its fourth edition, confirmed to be taking place in Zadar, Croatia, from 21 to 24 September 2021.
Co-organised by ourselves, TrackMeetings.info and European Athletics, this is a chance for anyone trying to make athletics run better and more smoothly to come together, share ideas and cooperate.

Set against the stunning backdrop of the port city of Zadar, this is an opportunity for anyone with a passion for athletics, including federations, event organisers, technology providers and data experts, to come together and share ideas and technologies with the ultimate goal of interoperability among all stakeholders across Europe, through sports data management. There will be talks and workshops covering a wide range of topics, and the opportunity to hear from some of those at the cutting edge of developments within the athletics community - including European Athletics CEO Christian Milz, World Athletics CIO An Dang Duy, European Athletics Head of Digital Nicolas Launois, and OpenTrack CEO Andy Robinson.

The three days of conference talks and workshops will be led by you the stakeholders: the athletics fans, consumers, industry experts and federation representatives. These will cover a wide range of topics, from cutting edge photo finish technology, to livestreaming on a variety of scales, to standardising data flows within competitions, and everything in between. If you plan to attend or feel you can contribute in any way, by giving a presentation about any of your technologies and concepts, or sharing feedback and ideas, please get in touch with us via [athtech@opentrack.run](mailto://athtech@opentrack.run) so we can accomodate you. Please see the [full agenda](http://athtech.run/2021/agenda), which will be updated over the coming weeks as more talks are confirmed.

Throughout the week there will be a variety of live athletics competitions, including a jumps gala and Masters gala, to attend and test new equipment and technologies at, or to compete in if you wish to. There will also be plenty of time to meet, socialise and share ideas with like-minded people from across Europe at a wide range of seafront bars and restaurants, and on a lunchtime trip to a nearby island.

The Croation government have adopted a pragmatic approach to the health restrictions entering the country, with travellers required to be vaccinated against COVID-19 or take a PCR test before travelling. For further details please see the [Croatian government website](https://mup.gov.hr/uzg-covid/english/286212). Case rates are also currently incredibly low in the country. Local restrictions and guidance will be followed at all times throughout the conference.

For full details of AthTech21, please see the [AthTech 2021 website](http://athtech.run/2021), and if you have any queries or you wish to contribute to the conference, please email us via [athtech@opentrack.run](mailto://athtech@opentrack.run).



