<div markdown="1" data-aos="fade-up">
## __2__ The Background

### 2.1 Why is this Required?

Entry systems for UK athletics sit across numerous platforms and websites, often making it difficult for athletes to find the competition they require. This is made harder by the fact that there is no uniform entry journey to ease the process; athletes often have to follow a new pathway and sign up to a new organisation with each competition they enter. 

The creation of a uniform system, specifically designed (by athletics enthusiasts), for athletic entries allows a standardised, workable and logical platform to create a user friendly exoerience for both athletes and event organisers. OpenTrack has designed this system with both parties in mind to enhance and ease the process for all involved so everyone can focus on the event itself!

### 2.2 How does it work?

The system has been built to provide easily editable fields for meeting organisers and a simple pathway for athletes to enter competitions. It has the following benefits:

* Each event has its own microsite and can be custom branded
* Easy to navigate interface
* Hidden features such as late entries, invitations and other customisations
* Meeting organisers can edit almost everything about their event independently; events, costings, descriptive text, restrictions, etc.
* Automatically allocate bib numbers to athletes through various method options, including:
  * Alphabetic
  * Alphabetic by event
  * Historic
  * Pre-assigned
* Producing reports
* Combining online entries with those made on the day

</div>
